Module 2: Configure Commerce Headquarters
=========================================

A. Group Discussion: Selection of the appropriate payment connector
-------------------------------------------------------------------

**Why learn this**? Payment connectors enable an application to process payments
for transactions where the card is not present and transactions where the card
is present.

Selection of an appropriate payment connector allows you to process payment
through multiple channels e.g., Modern POS, Cloud POS, e-commerce sites and Call
centers.

Selection of out of box payment connector or custom connectors those built by
ISV partner that enable all major global credit and debit cards, both online and
in-store shopping experience.

**Scenario**: In this activity you discuss:

• In this activity, you will discuss the out the of box available payment
connect and custom connectors those built by ISV partners.

• How the payment connector enables you to process payment transaction on
different selling platforms.

• How to payment connector fulling the business needs, enabling the safe and
secure payment transactions.

**Time to complete**: 15-20 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: Students will learn the importance of selecting the right
payment connector in D365 Commerce.

### Exercise 1: Select the appropriate payment connector for Contoso, Ltd.

#### Scenario

Contoso, Ltd. Is an e-commerce company based in California that facilitates
consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer sales by using an e-commerce
website. The company’s business strategy includes increasing international
trade. Contoso has already expanded across the United States and plans to expand
to Europe.

The company’s main challenge is to manage payments for global sales and
facilitate their customers with a payment gateway that includes a comprehensive
list of supported features and functionality.

#### Discussion questions

Which out of box payment connector should the company use for their operations?

-   Payment connector PayPal

-   Payment connector Adyen

-   Payment connector by ISV partner

Why did you choose that particular connector?

Why did you not choose another connector?

### Exercise 2: Select the appropriate payment connector for Adventure works Inc.

Adventure works Inc. is a fashion retailer in the United States of America. The
company operates one hundred stores across including small, large, and flagship
stores. Adventure works has an e-commerce website through which they receive
orders from different locations. The company delivers orders throughout the
United States.

Adventure works offer online payment options in their physical and online
stores. The company accepts cash, card present, and card not present
transactions.

#### Discussion questions

Which out of box payment connector should the company use for their operations?

-   Payment connector PayPal

-   Payment connector Adyen

-   Payment connector by ISV partner

Why did you choose that particular connector?

Why did you not choose another connector?
