---
lab:
    title: 'A. Group discussion: Product discoverability'
    module: 'Module 04: Products and Merchandising'
---



**Why learn this**? Product discoverability is a quick and easy way for a retail
customer to be able to discover products by browsing through categories and
using search and filtering. Product discovery is a primary tool for customer
interaction across all retail channels.

Customers are used to web search engines, sophisticated e-commerce websites, and
social apps that offer relevant search suggestions as you type, faceted
navigation, highlighting matching terms, and more—all with near-instantaneous
response times. If consumers do not find the right product quickly enough, they
do not hesitate to move to another retail site that offers better performance.

**Scenario**: In this activity you discuss:

• how the Product discoverability empower retailers to meet the ever-growing
expectations of their consumers in a fast-paced commerce environment by
assisting them in their shopping journey.

• How the product discoverability would help retailers grow their share of
consumer retention and conversion rates across all channels, including
e-commerce and point of sale (POS) systems.

• How Product discoverability feature enhancing product discoverability that
helps retailer to assisting their customer during their shopping journey.

**Time to complete**: 10-15 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: Students will learn the importance of the product
discoverability feature available in D365 Commerce.

### Exercise 

For this activity, you will work individually or in small groups. First, you
will be given information on different search criteria that can be used in
Commerce to discover the product. Following this, several scenarios will be
presented where you will discuss and decide the best search option in commerce.

### Exercise 1 – Product relevancy

#### Scenario

You place an order in an online channel. You can see direct links to products.
Shoppers report that they often see too many results. They want to be able to
refine their searches.

#### Discussion questions

While doing the product search, which search tool should you implement to
further refine search results?

Why?

-   Attribute-based search

-   Faceted navigation

-   Browse and search

### Exercise 2 – Search methods

#### Scenario

Shoppers often have different needs. They may want to find the lowest price
products available or find products that match a keyword.

#### Discussion questions

For each of these needs, what search type should you recommend? Why?

1.  Lowest price products

    -   Sorting

    -   Attribute-based

    -   Faceted navigation

    -   Browse and search

2.  Key words match products

    -   Sorting

    -   Attribute-based

    -   Faceted navigation

    -   Browse and search
