---
lab:
    title: 'A. Group discussion: Importance of clienteling in retail'
    module: 'Module 5: Loyalty'
---


**Why learn this**? Clienteling is an important element in Retail World. Many
retailers, especially high-end specialty retailers, want their sales associates
to form long-term relationships with their key customers. The associates are
expected to know about these customers' likes and dislikes, purchase history,
product preferences, and important dates, such as anniversaries and birthdays.
Associates need a place where they can capture this information and easily find
it when it's required. If this information is available in a single view, the
associates can easily target customers who meet specific criteria. For example,
they can find all customers who prefer to shop for handbags, or customers who
have an important event approaching, such as a birthday or anniversary.

**Scenario**: In this activity you discuss:

• Benefits of Clienteling in retail businesses.

• Advantages of integration of Clienteling feature with Customer Insights.

• How can we improve sales using Clienteling?

**Time to complete**: 10-15 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: Student will learn the importance of the Clienteling feature
available in D365 Commerce.

### Exercises: 

### Exercise 1: Gather customers on spot information

#### Scenario

A store manager reports that shoppers often mention that they like shopping for
a specific type of item, or that they have an upcoming birthday. The manager
thinks that they can keep the shoppers coming back if they can send birthday
promotions or sales for specific item types to these shoppers.

#### Discussion questions

To capture the critical information that customers share, which feature would
you recommend to sales associates to quickly and easily capture information that
shoppers share? Why did you make your selection?

1.  Client book

2.  Client book attributes

3.  Activities and notes

### Exercise 2: Make long term relationship with customers

#### Scenario

A company’s sales are declining. You observe that customers don’t know much
about the company’s products and services, and the company does not know much
about the customer base. The company wants to learn more about their customers
and help associates form long-term relationships with key customers.

You suggest using the client book as a way to achieve the goal.

#### Discussion questions

What group of properties would you recommend sales associates know about their
customers? Why? What other information would be useful to a company and why?

Note to instructor: You may provide the following sets of recommendations to
students if needed. Or, you may let students come up with groups of
recommendations in discussions.

Recommendation A

-   Include important dates such as anniversaries or birthdays

-   Include the customer's preferred shopping interests and brands.

-   Include the customer who want to buy some specific items e.g., shoes

Recommendation B

-   Include customer’s price ranges attributes

-   Include customer’s past purchasing history

-   Include customer’s addresses

Recommendation C

-   Include customer’s occasional purchasing history

-   Include customer groupings.

-   Include customer dislike items.

