---
lab:
    title: 'A. Video: Create a call center order'
    module: 'Module 7: Configure and Work with Call Centers'
---


**Why learn this?** Students will learn the detailed steps to create a call
center order.

**Scenario**: In this activity you will get an overview of the different options
that the call center order form provides to serve the customer in a better way.

**Time to complete**: 5 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: In this activity you will get an overview of the different
options that the call center order form provides to serve the customer in a
better way.

### Exercise: 

Watch the video <https://aka.ms/MB340M7video>

### Transcript: 

Speaker 1
([00:00](https://www.temi.com/editor/t/3Z_pjHR9eHDcAjF_ABbK5Qt7BhwUQpro1GnXRETwpRnsZNhbQMVtv0lkP9ugJskgpIZYHTUzPddcaQPMyeHbvVW-eLM?loadFrom=SharedLink&ts=0.96)):

In this video, I will demonstrate how to create a call center sales order. It's
important to note that I am already logged in as a user who has previously been
linked to a call center channel.

From the menu I can begin creating a call center sales order in one of two ways.
I can either go into all sales orders or customer service. For today's
demonstration. I will start in customer service. When the customer service form
opens, I have two options. I can either create a new customer, if the customer
is brand new to my company, or I can search for the customer if they have
previous history. If I want to search for the customer, I have options, maybe
searching by a specific phone number or email address. I can also use the
keyword search, which will allow multiple fields on the customer record to be
searched for a match. In this case, I will type in Jennifer, which will search
customer records that have the word Jennifer in key fields. In this case, I just
have the one record that matches, and this is the customer that I want to
select. When I select the customer you'll note that I do have the option of
editing the customer record from here, if necessary, but in this case, I'm just
going to select it and begin my process. From the customer service form I do
have the option of helping Jennifer with questions about orders that have
already been placed. Maybe she needs to know the status of an order or wants to
cancel a previous order. I can do all of that from the customer service form. In
this case, Jennifer wants to place a new order. So I will click new sales order.

When the sales order entry form opens, I have an option of entering in a source
code ID. Sometimes this is known as a key code or a catalog code. This is an
optional feature and the retailer may use this in direct marketing. If Jennifer
received a catalog from my company, there may be a code on the back. And by
giving me that code, she may be eligible for additional prices and promotions.
Also by giving me the code, this will let me as a company track the response
rate to that promotion. I'm going to enter in the source code ID from Jennifer's
catalog that she read back to me. And you'll note that this can optionally
trigger our first script that we see on the screen. Scripts are optional
features. This is messaging. They can be used for internal purposes or to read
out loud to the customer.

Once I've entered in the source code, I can begin entering in my products. If
Jennifer knows the item number, she can just read me the item number and I can
enter it in. If she's doesn't know the item number I can type in keywords in
this field to search the database for matching products. In this case, I'm going
to enter in the item number that Jennifer read to me, and we'll note that I am
being prompted with a potential cross sell. Jennifer is ordering a pink leather
shoulder bag. And we think that these sunglasses would go great with that bag.
If Jennifer agrees, we can select the warehouse where these sunglasses will ship
from and add that line item to the order.

In this case, we now have two line items on the sales order, and you'll note as
I click on the different line items, the images that have been created for the
products can appear here and will be specific to the line that I have selected.
If scripts have also been created for the products, those would also show on the
screen. Now that we have our products, I'm going to click complete to end this
order. I'm taken to the sales order summary where I can optionally see another
script that I can read back to the customer. This is also a source code specific
script. I can also see the full total that Jennifer owes 244.33. Jennifer wants
to pay with a credit card. So I'm going to click add under the payments area,
choose the credit card type. And then I can see that Jennifer has used a credit
card previously that we have on file. I can confirm the last four digits of the
card with her. And if she agrees, I can use that card to pay for this order.
I'll click OK to see my payment information. And now all we have to do is click
submit to complete this order.

Once the order is created, the user is returned back to the customer service
form. The order that we just created is at the top of the list in case we need
to make any additional changes or answer any further questions.

I'm also now back in the customer service form, where I can search for my next
customer and start the process all over again.

