---
lab:
    title: 'A. Group discussion: Introducing Dynamics 365 Fraud Protection'
    module: 'Module 10: Dynamics 365 Fraud Protection'
---



**Why learn this?** After completing the exercise, you will be able to:

-   Perform evaluation of requirements to decide which solutions to use

-   Identify areas of fraud in an existing business process

-   Design business processes

**Scenario**: During this exercise, you will be reviewing project details for
Fabrikam. This includes a set of requirements gathered from customer workshop
sessions. You will use this information to design a solution and design new
business processes.

**Time to complete**: 20-25 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: To understand the fraud protection options available to you.

### Exercises: 

For this activity, you will work in small groups or individually. You will
initially be given additional information on how to determine the correct in
store topology to deploy based on the environment and requirements. Following
this, several scenarios will be presented where you should work as a group to
agree on the correct in store topology for the given scenario.

#### Scenario

Fabrikam manufactures and sells several high-end cosmetics through various
brands to consumers around the world. Fabrikam went live on the Dynamics 365
Commerce and Dynamics 365 Supply Chain Management solutions for their
manufacturing and retail operations.

A few years back, Fabrikam acquired several companies that manufactured and sold
their own cosmetics through their own ecommerce channels. Some of them were
proprietary and some were from other companies well known in the ecommerce
industry. Fabrikam retained and integrated the ecommerce solutions to the
Dynamics 365 Commerce headquarters application.

Fabrikam has a very strong online presence but does not have any
brick-and-mortar stores. Customers can also call and place orders over the phone
or seek support for current orders.

After certain products are highlighted in social media, the number of suspicious
orders increase drastically. Many of them end up being ok but the number of
confirmed fraudulent orders has been increasing recently.

The company has no current solutions to prevent automatic fraud detection
outside of denying a credit card transaction for suspicious activity through the
payment processor. Orders are currently reviewed and then released for picking
in the warehouse. On occasion, very large orders need to be reviewed by an order
supervisor as soon as possible. That supervisor is rarely at their desk or in
front of a computer.

Fabrikam has been extremely hesitant to implement any new features until enough
time has passed where they can realize a return on investment (ROI) from their
current Dynamics 365 Commerce implementation. Future implementation decisions
are highly based on how quickly they can realize value from the implementation
of it.

### Exercise 1: What solutions should the company implement to help mitigate the fraud concerns?


-   If you propose Dynamics 365 Commerce or Dynamics 365 Fraud Protection,
    describe the specific features of that product that should be implemented
    and where they would be implemented.

-   What solutions exist for the different e-commerce solutions?

-   At which points in the sales order lifecycle can the company improve?

### Exercise 2: What criteria that can the company use to flag orders as suspicious? At which points in the lifecycle of transactions can the company flag orders? 

-   At what point can fraud be evaluated?

-   Where can the orders be evaluated?

-   When is payment taken?

### Exercise 3: How can you streamline the evaluation of fraudulent transactions during the release to warehouse process? Think outside of the box.

-   Are there options that exist outside of just a single product? Can multiple
    products be utilized to string options together?

-   Can you guarantee all orders are caught up stream?

-   How can you expedite the high value order process?

### Exercise 4: What can be done to convince Fabrikam to implement the solution? Think past, present, and future realization?

-   How can you prove the implementation was successful?
