---
lab:
    title: 'B. Group discussion: Commerce Fraud Protection features'
    module: 'Module 10: Dynamics 365 Fraud Protection'
---



**Why learn this?** This discussion will help you learn to weigh requirements
and features, as well as identify potential areas for fraud.

**Scenario**: You will be reviewing project details for Contoso Ltd. This
includes information about the customerâ€™s operations and issues with fraudulent
activity. You will use this information to design a solution and design new
business processes.

**Time to complete**: 20-25 minutes

**Prerequisites**: None

**Objectives**: After completing the exercise, you will be able to:

-   Perform evaluation of requirements to decide which solutions to use

-   Identify areas of fraud in an existing business process

-   Design business processes

### Exercises: 

For this activity, you will work in small groups or individually. You will
initially be given additional information on how to determine the correct in
store topology to deploy based on the environment and requirements. Following
this, several scenarios will be presented where you should work as a group to
agree on the correct in store topology for the given scenario.

#### Scenario

Contoso Ltc. sells electronic computers and printers to consumers. In addition
to the computers and printers, the company sells accessories, replacement parts,
and repair/installation services. The company uses Dynamics 365 Commerce for all
the retail channels and headquarters operations.

Contoso is comprised of 700 store employees and 125 headquarters workers. The
company conducts approximately 55,000 transactions per month across all retail
channels.

Contoso uses the following retail channels to sell their products:

-   300 brick-and-mortar stores

-   a single ecommerce website

-   a single call center

Over the past few years, incidents of fraud have been steadily increasing across
all retail channels. The company has no formal expert in fraud identification.
There is no current strategy on how to formalize the identification of fraud
going forward. The company shares the following issues:

-   **Employee fraud**: The company reports that an employee was caught using
    receipts for full priced items they found in the trash can outside of the
    brick-and-mortar stores, purchasing the items online through using an
    employee discount, and then returning the items store credit or cash.

-   **Stolen credit cards**: Stolen credit cards have been used for small online
    transactions. The amounts are low enough to not be flagged from credit card
    companies. The transactions are delivered to non-traceable locations for
    illegal pickups by anonymous parties making tracing the fraudsters very
    difficult.

Previous efforts by recently acquired companies to lock down fraudulent activity
before they occur have led to poor customer experiences, so Contoso is hesitant
to adopt any new processes that stop sales from occurring, then later
identification. Their experience has been that blocking customer transactions
proactively lead to abandoned carts and lost sales.

### Exercise 1: What solutions can the company use to help mitigate the fraud concerns? Why?

-   What solutions exist for the different ecommerce solutions?

-   Describe the specific features of that product that should be implemented
    and where they should be implemented.

-   At what locations in the sales order lifecycle can the company improve
    processes?

-   What can the company implement to unify a fraud detection strategy across
    all e-commerce platforms?

### Exercise 2: What should the company do to prevent the employee fraud issue? 

Create a solution diagram showing the mitigation strategy from beginning to end.

-   Will this solution be accepted by all acquired brands?

-   What technologies are used?

-   What is the impact to the customers, if any?

-   What are the potential financial obligations for the solution?

### Exercise 3: What should the company do to prevent the stolen credit cards issue?

Create a solution diagram showing the mitigation strategy from beginning to end.

-   Will this solution be accepted by all acquired brands?

-   What technologies are used?

-   What is the impact to the customers, if any?

-   What are the potential financial obligations for the solution?
